DEVDOCS-4384: [edit] remove incorrect use case, Tax Properties API (#1598)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/tax/tax-properties.md

# Tax Properties for Products

> The Tax Properties API allows merchants to vary the tax info they send to tax providers. In some jurisdictions, tax rates for products vary by product composition. For example, correct taxation of alcohol requires info about alcohol percentage. Using tax properties, providers can return more accurate tax calculations. The examples in this guide expand on this use case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tax Properties API allows merchants to vary the tax information they send to tax providers for tax calculation. In some jurisdictions, tax rates for products vary by product composition. For example, accurate taxation of alcohol may require information about alcohol percentage. Using tax properties, providers can return more accurate tax quotes. The examples in this guide expand on this use case. 
```

🍹 Avoiding `info` abbreviated form of `information`.
🍹 Added `for tax calculation` since that first sentence seems like a great introduction sentence.
🍹 Loosened "correct" to "accurate" => correct is more black and white, whereas accuracy is more of a grey area (and speaks to tax capabilities).
🍹 Loosened the example a little since not all jurisdictions will require this (they _may_ require this).
🍹 I think "tax quote" may be a better description for what the provider returns here - that is, calculation is more the service they are providing which results in the tax quote being returned.

> The Tax Properties API allows merchants to vary the tax info that they send to tax providers. In some jurisdictions, tax rates for some products vary by product composition. For example, correct taxation of alcohol requires info about alcohol percentage. Using tax properties, providers can return more accurate tax calculations. The examples in this guide expand on this use case. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Tax Properties API allows merchants to vary the tax info they send to tax providers. In some jurisdictions, tax rates for products vary by product composition. For example, correct taxation of alcohol requires info about alcohol percentage. Using tax properties, providers can return more accurate tax calculations. The examples in this guide expand on this use case. 
```

> Tax providers may sometimes need multiple inputs that vary between products. For example, the alcohol percentage and the volume sold affect alcohol taxes. As shown in this guide, merchants can provide both pieces of info to tax providers.    

Author: Was hoping it would be okay to leave this paragraph because it is slightly different than what users are used to

> Tax providers may sometimes need multiple inputs that vary between products. For example, the alcohol percentage and the volume sold affect alcohol taxes. As shown in this guide, merchants can provide both pieces of info to tax providers.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tax providers may sometimes need multiple inputs that can vary between different types of product. For example, for products with alcohol, the alcohol percentage and the volume sold affect alcohol taxes. As shown in this guide, merchants can provide both pieces of information to tax providers.
```

If you think it makes sense to keep, sounds fine to me @bc-andreadao 👍 

🍹 I've tried to rejig this a little to speak to different product types. So, for example, a store may have alcohol items but they may also have some other type of product (that would benefit from tax properties also) - they can introduce tax properties to support both product types. Maybe this would be good to expand further? Unsure.

Author: sounds good to me!

> In some instances, tax providers may need multiple inputs that vary between products. For example, both the alcohol percentage and the volume sold affect alcohol taxes. As shown in this guide, merchants can include both pieces of info to tax providers.    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tax providers may sometimes need multiple inputs that vary between products. For example, the alcohol percentage and the volume sold affect alcohol taxes. As shown in this guide, merchants can include both pieces of info to tax providers.    
```

Author: Added in your suggestion

> In some instances, tax providers may need multiple inputs that vary between products. For example, both the alcohol percentage and the volume sold affect alcohol taxes. As shown in this guide, merchants can provide both pieces of info to tax providers.    

Author: Was hoping it would be okay to leave this paragraph because it is slightly different than what users are used to

<!-- theme: info -->

> > #### Tax properties versus tax codes

Reviewer: Great idea since, as we touched on, could be some confusion here 💯

> A tax code is a single code that tax providers use to invoke specific rules when calculating tax on a product. 

> > In contrast, tax properties are fields that contain info about product specifics. Tax providers use these fields to factor product specifics into their calculations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In contrast, tax properties are fields that contain information about product specifics. Tax providers use these fields to factor product specifics into their calculations. 
```

🍹 Just the `info` expand here.

This guide demonstrates how to use the Tax Properties API. For more, see the [Tax Properties API Reference](/api-reference/store-management/tax-properties) and the [Tax Provider API Reference](/api-reference/providers/tax-provider-api). 

## Tax properties

> Tax properties rely on `code`s, which are specific to third-party tax providers. Consult a tax provider's documentation to identify supported `code`s. The `code`s used in tax properties are not tax codes. See [Tax properties versus tax codes](#tax-properties-versus-tax-codes).    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tax properties rely on `code`s specific to third-party tax providers. Consult a tax provider's documentation to identify supported `code`s. The `code`s used in tax properties are not tax codes. See [Tax properties versus tax codes](#tax-properties-versus-tax-codes).    
```
